# motorEvoked Abstact
Background: Evoked potentials (EPs) are useful measures to predict the developmentof clinical disabilities of MS patients. They are used to monitor disease progressionof multiple sclerosis patients. Previous studies have used several machine learningalgorithms to prove this relationship, but until now the calibration properties have notbeen investigated. This research performs a machine learning analysis on latencies ofmotor EP and investigates how well the probabilistic outputs of the model are calibrated. \\
Methods: In this study, motor EP data from 520 multiple sclerosis patients was ana-lyzed. The modeling was performed using logistic regression, random forest, gradientboosted decision trees, adaptative boosting and support vector machines. Probabilistic outcomes were calibrated by using Platt Scaling and Isotonic regression. \\
Results: Results show a satisfactory performance of the RF model (AUC0.655±0.046).RF probabilistic outcomes had good calibration levels, with an expected calibrationerror of only5%. The use of class weights to correct for the class imbalance in RF andLR model resulted in a notorious miscalibration of the the probabilistic outcomes, butthe use of both Isotonic regression and Platt scaling were able to correct it. \\
Conclusions: Using machine learning methods on motor EP showed favorable andcalibrated predictive performance. The use of class weight methods to correct for im-balance data should be combined with calibration techniques.
